The purpose of this file is to gather my miscellaneous thoughts that
might some day benefit someone. I should probably later make a summary of these.



My printer is Prusa mk4, with a .40 mm nozzle. The files have been created 
to work on my printer. For example the edges will be exactly 2 layers thick, 
which in my opinion is desirable. 
I have generated my print files using Prusa slicers mode "20mm, Speed". This
might be especially important with the "build up" pieces, as this print
setting creates some visible imperfections, in turn making the tolerances 
perfect for me specifically
Also the connectors work pretty much perfectly on my machine print settings. 


Printing the "build up" pieces has surprisingly had some minor stability
issues, not seen with any other parts. Probably something to do with the
overhang


The margins are a bit of a mystery for me. I have to test them once I
have the feature "generate test print". But even then, it might be correct
only for my printer

Margins 
They currently are in places where two printed parts meet in xy directions
This means between platforms and between supports


Custom plant holder
If you know your way around blender a bit, you can edit Modular_platform.blend
to make the hole custom shaped. However, note that the file has vertices
belonging to vertex groups. Be careful to not touch those vertices!
TODO: write a script that in blender selects all vertices belonging to
vertex groups


The base files in models 4.0 have been generated with blender 4.0.0.
If one uses 4.2.2, the code should work but you probably will get a 
lot of "warnings" and really small memory leaks. For what I have tested,
these complications seem innocuous. 


Materials
First of all, I would recommend using food grade printing materials, if
possible. Specifically PLA and PETG. PLA is easy to print, cheap, usually
bio-degradable, durable etc. But, it does not stand the test of time in
water. The parts that will be in water, should be printed with PETG. 



About the code
I am happy that I was able to "use Blender" with code outside of blender.
The GUI.py is imo quite ugly in terms of the code (graphically im satisfied), 
it is kind of hard to read the code as the structure is not abundant with 
coherence. Object oriented structure would have been way better, but for a 
small program like this it makes sense to just quickly code up something.  



